[Wed, Jan 15, 2025 at 7:37 PM] Dana Alloy -> Ana / Danilo & Sharon Studio:
"Hi Danilo and Sharon, I hope you both are getting SO excited for your trip to South Africa! I am sure it is going to be a trip of a lifetime! I wanted to follow up with some final information as you prepare for travel to Africa. Here are some friendly reminders of everything to know in the lead up to your trip and so that you can reference everything in one place while traveling. Itinerary and Dashboard Your itinerary is the source of truth for everything you need on your trip! It is available online as well as attached to the bottom of this email. Additionally, please review the dashboard  which has tons of helpful country-specific information, particularly regarding visas, health, tipping, and more. I find the most helpful parts at this stage are packing and tipping, so here those are again as a quick reference: Gratuity suggestions: Safari camp or city lead guide: $15 - $20 per person per day Transfer drivers (e.g. in cities or between the airport and hotel/lodge): $5 per person per transfer Porter: $1 per bag Ranger or any “ancillary” guides on an ad-hoc basis for a specific activity: $5 - $10 per person per activity General camp staff (put in a central box in each camp’s main area): $10 - $15 per person per day Waitstaff in a city restaurant: 10% - 15% Packing: A packing guide is attached to the bottom of this email. You can also check out a quick video here! If you have any questions regarding what to pack, I'm here to help! I am happy to answer any questions and often will have “packing calls” with clients in prep :)  Here are some key points to consider: Dress in neutral clothing, opting for browns, beiges, and greens and steering clear of black, white, bright colors, or patterns. Make sure to bring layers for a variety of temperatures as well as mosquito coverage, and to include a lightweight puffy coat. No matter the temp during the day, sunrise/sunset can always get chilly. I also always recommend hats, sunglasses, and a small bag that you can take in the safari vehicle with whatever you may want to bring with you. Flights: You'll be flying on Airlink, which has similar packing restrictions to a traditional flight. You can find their luggage policy here. Comms: If you would like to connect for a pre-trip call to go over anything, feel free to schedule a call here. Prior to or during your stay, feel free to contact the Indalo team on Whatsapp at +1 571 591 8668. We will be available during typical work hours and do our best to respond to any questions outside of that as well when we can. Additionally, there are emergency numbers located at the top of either the details section of your online itinerary or the top of the downloaded version, and I will copy them here as well. If you need assistance during your trip, these are the best first point of contact. Note this is actually only relevant for Alluvia, as the rest of the locations have been booked directly with our wedding. Please connect to our partners on the ground in South Africa at Personal Africa: 24-hour emergency phone: +27 72 731 7528 Email: emergency@personalafrica.com Instagram:
It means the world to my little biz when people share their travels with their networks and tag @indalo.travel! If you would be open to it, we would love to be tagged in your stories/posts from the trip and reshare your adventures along the way. The amount of clients who reach out to us and say  "I discovered Indalo on ___'s Instagram story" is honestly wild, so I really appreciate this!! Additional support: Alright, that's it from me :) If you have any last minute questions about preparing for your trip, please don't hesitate to reach out! So excited for you both! Best, Dana Computer - Travel docs - Danilo & Sharon's trip to South Africa! .pdf"

[Thu, Jan 16, 2025 at 11:50 AM] Ana / Danilo & Sharon Studio -> Dana Alloy; Danilo:
"Hi Dana, Thank you so much for the detailed email and all the helpful information about the trip! Danilo and Sharon are currently traveling, but I’ll make sure they review all the details once they’re back. Everything looks amazing, and it’s great to have such a thorough guide for their upcoming adventure. If any questions arise, we’ll be sure to reach out!"

[Tue, Jan 21, 2025 at 2:10 PM] Dana Alloy -> Ana / Danilo & Sharon Studio; Danilo:
"Thanks so much Ana! Happy to assist :)"

[Tue, Jan 28, 2025 at 4:50 PM] Ana / Danilo & Sharon Studio -> Dana Alloy:
"Hi Dana, I hope you're well! I'm sharing a lookbook Danilo and Sharon created for your wedding plans. D&M Lookbook If you'd like to discuss more details with them, feel free to book a call via this link: https://calendly.com/ daniloandsharon/30min. Of course, I'm here to help with any questions in the meantime."

